Balrog session can be configured to expire after a chosen of time (#14)
pixielabs/balrog: README.md

<%= balrog_logout_button class: 'fancy-button--with-default-text' %>
```

## Changing session expiry length

`set_session_expiry` requires the user to login again after a period of time.

> Configuring this with Balrog is easy. Just go the initializer in your config file,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customise this value, open `config/initializers/balrog.rb` after running `balrog:install`
```

and change the argument being passed to `set_session_expiry`.

> If you can't find balrog.rb in the initializers folder,

Reviewer: Remove this para

run the [balrog:install generator.](#installation)

The argument passed to `set_session_expiry` can be any of the
[Rails time extensions](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/Numeric.html).

> If you don't want your session to expire, you can remove `set_session_expiry`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want sessions to expire, remove `set_session_expiry`
```
